New ESLint rule: `no-location-assign-relative-destination` (#92900)
vercel/next.js: errors/no-location-assign-relative-destination.mdx

  redirect('/dashboard')
}
```

```tsx filename="app/components/my-component.tsx"
'use client'

import { redirect } from 'next/navigation'

export default function MyComponent({
  isAuthorized,
}: {
  isAuthorized: boolean
}) {
  if (!isAuthorized) {
    redirect('/login')
  }
  return <div>Protected content</div>
}
```

### In Client Components (event handlers)

Use [`useRouter().push()`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/functions/use-router) from `next/navigation`:

```tsx filename="app/components/my-button.tsx"
'use client'

import { useRouter } from 'next/navigation'

export default function MyButton() {
  const router = useRouter()

  return (
    <button onClick={() => router.push('/dashboard')}>Go to Dashboard</button>
  )
}
```

### External URLs

If you are navigating to an external URL (one with a protocol, e.g. `https://`), `location.assign()` and `location.href` are acceptable and will not trigger this rule:

```js
// Allowed — navigating to an external site
location.href = 'https://example.com'
window.location.assign('https://example.org/path')
```

## Useful Links

- [Redirecting in Next.js](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/guides/redirecting)

> - [Linking and Navigating in Next.js](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/linking-and-navigating)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Linking and Navigating in Next.js](/docs/app/getting-started/linking-and-navigating)
```

> - [Linking and Navigating in Next.js](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/linking-and-navigating)

Reviewer: For useful links, I think we can use relative links

Author: Fixed in [`9918393` (this PR)](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/pull/92900/commits/991839311aac6af2e35f84c839d330b54131cf38)
